1. [[introduce yourself?]]
My name is zousai. I'm working at the R&D department of a company. My company is dedicated to the Marine power equipment. I'm a program director specialized in project scheduling management and I'm also a program manager responsible for the projects performance management.
As a program director, I set up the time planning control mechanism for my company. I'm responsible to supervise all of the projects process to make sure that everything works effeciently and smoothly.
As a program director, I have set up the project member performance evaluation mecanism, which is featured in results-oriented evaluation. We evaluate a people mostly on their working achievement.
I like my job because I like time management and systematic thinking. In life, I think that everything is like a project. I'm also good at manage my time. 
However, as i have accummulated many experiences in my company, i gradually find that time management itself is not a core issue in a R&D organizition. i konw that in the manufacturing process, time management is really important. Considering that i'm also want to improve myself to have a better development in my career. i set my goal to become a professional operation project manager who is responsible for optimizing the production process. I hope to have a significance influence in the efficient promotion in manufacturing industry. 
Although i have rich experience in the R&D area, i lack the knowledge and experience in supply chain and operation. So after careful consideration, i decide to have a further educaton in order to realize my career planning. That's why i came here to apply for the CLGO project. i would be very appreciate if i could gain your recognition. Thank you.

2. [[What do you expect to learn in your MBA program?]]
I want to be an excellent supply chain operation manager in the manufacturing industry. 
So in order to realize my orientation. 
First, I need to know how to manage production and manufacture, how to balance the supply and demand among different departments, how to optimize production line, how to lower the cost in the production process. I believe that there must be some solutions in the basic subjects what CLGO offer. So i need to find these solutions in the subjects and master the problem-solving capacity.
Second, i want to learn the management strategies and methods used in other companies and obtain the experiences from their applications.
Last, i expect to participate in practical activities to accumulate the real experience in the period of my learning time.

3. [[Why don't take part-time program?]]
Thank you for your question. Actually, i have had the same question, and I consulted to my ex-superior for his suggestion. He thought for while and told me that i should choose CLGO. his reason was that my experience and capacity has supass the diploma from the business school. What i need is to get the really valuable knowledge related to my future career development.
I was really appreciate for his comments. 
After a long time of deep understanding of CLGO, i konw that this whole-time program is a highly valuable program, with closely match to my future caisreer planning. 
i choose the whole-time program because of CLGO program. Because of It's training direction, it's rigorous schorlarship spirit, and high-level education resourses. 

4. [[Why you want to quit your company?]]
I really appreciate my company for giving me chance to take the important responsibility of program management. But i still want to have more growth space to solve the basic and significant problems in the manufacturing industry. 
I'm good at project management,but what i really want to do is production operation management. it's more challenging for me. And it's really meaningful for the manufacturing industry. so i want to quit my job to do something i really like.
important
(anything else……
It's not easy for me to step out of my line of business and take the supply chain operation responsibility of the industry. It's not only because my working role is very significant for my departament, but only because that my company is a R&D organizition in the industry. But i want to have an influence in The Whole marine power equipment indusry. )

5. [[Tell me something about your hobbies ]]
My hobbies are taking exercise and reading books. 
Taking exercise makes me feel energetic. I like to challenge myself by taking marathon competition every year and i have taken exercise 5 times a week for 3 years.
Reading books makes me open my mind and find the inner energy. Last year i have read 50 books, and i really like to take reading notes for these books.

6. [[我们不想要你了，你还有什么话要对我们说？]]
Last year I determined my career plan and applied for the CLGO program. During the long time of preparing for the interviews and exams, I feel like that i have found my passion and i am doing something that can realize my dream. 
I think that my advantages have not been fully demonstrated. In my current company, i have surpassed most of my peers in working achievement. And I have doubled my salary in three years because of my working performance. My superior told me that i could create this miracle again. And I believe I can do it.
So i really treasure this opportunity and i will be very appreciated for your second thought. 

7. [[Challenge of your work?]]
The projects i have undertaken are the most significant and complex ones in the marine engine industry. As a program director, I'm responsible for organizing 42 companies to work together on the same program. So i must have a deep understanding of the businesses and of different companies, and set up a practical and manageable criterion to control the program process. The difficulties and complexities of the program are the challenges for me.

8. [[What can clgo do for you?]]
if i can be admitted to the CLGO program. i believe that it will equip me with the knowledge and competetance of the supply chain management.
CLGO program has the perfect operation management course system and the best teaching resources. it will enable me to learn the most hardcore/valuable  knowledge.
CLGO program is a model of school & enterprise cooperation in China. So i will have lots of excellent learning action resources. Through the CLGO program, i will find an internship oppotunity to work as a OPM in an enterprise. which can help me have a smooth transition in my career.What is the most unforgettable memory during the last five years in your company.

i will be benefit from^

9. [[What is the most unforgettable memory during the last five years in your company]]
Since I’ve been on the job, every spring, I organize the whole company to go outing. one year we went to 徽杭古道 to go hiking. Unfortunately, we caught a big rainstorm, but the trip couldn't be cancelled. So i bought thick raincoats and rain shoes for everyone. To my surprised, we all in high enthusiasm for this special hiking. The eight-hour hike in the storm left us with a deep and happy memory.
Another time, we climbed 括苍山, the mountain was very steep and difficult for most of us. There were 63 of us, young and old. The youngest was only 4 years old. We used both hands and feet in the process of climbing the mountain. In the process, many of us wanted to give up many times, but with the help of the team and the encouragement of others, everyone gets to the top before it gets dark.
What i have learned from these activities was that people's piritual power is unlimited and can be inspired from teamwork. The trust between pople is really eccouraging and priceless.

10. [[What is your strength and weakness?]]
my strength is that i have strong willpower. i'm always stick to my goal and work hard to have a good performance.
my weakness is that my voice kind of sound like a kid. which may make pople think i'm unprofessional when they first approach me. But actually, i have goal-oriented personality. i really want to give others an impression that i'm professional. so i'm very serious and stick to principal at work. in this way, i'm given back more reapect and trust.

11. [[Say something about your personality]]
i'm outgoing and easygoing, responsible and flexiable.
i'm easy to communicate and coorperate with others.
i think ererything can work as a project. No matter at work or in my life, i stick to my goal and plan. At the same time, i'm flexible in my methods of work.

12. [[Who is your idol? Why do you like him/her?]]
My current role model is 稻盛和夫. I've read his law of doing and law of living thoroughly. I agree with his philosophy of life and work. He said: "Life is the process of constantly improving your heart and refining your soul" , He also said that we should "pay the efforts no less than anyone". These philosophies are my motto. 

13. [[Can you highlight yourself a little bit?]]
In my current company, i have surpassed most of my peers in working achievement. And I have doubled my salary in three years because of my working performance. My superior told me that i could create this miracle again. And I believe I can do it.


14. [[Say something about your university/major.]]
Jiangsu university of science and technology was first set in shanghai and then moved to Zhenjiang.  My morther college doesn’t has a title, but it is famous in the marine shipping industry. Lots of students graduate from there choose to work in the shipping industry. I’m no exception. 
It seems like my college always gives students lots of restrictions. We must get up early to do morning exercises and morning reading. We must study at night in the definite classroom. But my college also gave us enough freedom to do creative projects and start-up projects. We students have enough capacity to be creative and join in variety of activities.

15. [[What was the most successful thing you did during that time?]]
The most successful things I have done at college may be my part-time job experiences.
I have done many part-time job at college. Including clean up dishes in the college canteen and sell refrigerators at the shopping mall. At first time, I was too afraid of losing face in front of my classmates, and I was too shy to sell products to others. I did these only because I wanted to challenge myself and step out of my comfort zone.
Lastly, I didn’t lose my classmates respect at all. On the contrary, they showed me their admiration in front of me. 
Because of my serious working attitude, I became the best part-time seller in the shopping mall and won the manager’s high approval.
After that, the canteen and shopping mall managers frequently connected me to ask if I have time to do part-time jobs or if I could recommend some of my classmates to help them. So i set up the part-time association to offer oppotunities for my classmates to take on part-time job. 

16. Say something about your company?
I come from China shipbuiding power engineering company limited. It is a subordinate company of China State Shipbuilding Limited. My company is a high-tech organization working on international ship power system designs and is dedicated to achieving standardized & industrialized products with our own brand. 
Most of our businesses operate through projects. I'm the program director responsible fo the schedualing management of these projects.
My company doesn't have the traditional image of a state-owned enterprise that normal people think it does. Because my company is a new high-tech company. the average age of workers is just 32. most of my collegues are highly eduated. That why I always feel motivated to innovating and achieving good performance at work.

17. Say something about your industry?
Shipbuilding Industry is very important for national security and economy, and is a global competitive industry. At present, the global shipping market is characterized by "three-leg competition" between China, Japan and South Korea. and the competition is most fierce in China and South Korea.
China is on a par with South Korea in terms of shipbuilding completion, but is at a disadvantage in terms of profits. The main reason are that China's shipbuilding industry has excess low-end capacity and is lack of high-end capacity.
To solve these porblems, China's shipbuilding enterprises are carrying out industrial chain integration to enhance the concentration of the shipbuilding industry. This will help the industry promote the capacity utilization. One the other hand, the government has devoted a lot of resources to research and development. We are on the way to break through the core technology neck.

18. Do you know any other MBA programs? Why you choose CLGO?
I konw there are lots of MBA programs, but I applied only one program, which is CLGO.
I choose CLGO program because the growth path it offered matches my future plan most, it can offer the courses and practices i really need, and it is a really valuble program that has the great teahing resourses and enterprise intership oppotunities. 

19. You prefer a full-time program or a part-time program? Why?
When i considering my further education, i think about it more about whether this program could contribute to my creer plan. After learning about different programs, i determined that CLGO program is the best choice. 
Therefore, I don't prefer a full-time program more than part-time program. I prefer CLGO program because it's cultivating orientation matches my creer plan most. And after a deep understanding of this full-time program, I think that I'm also attracted to the immersive learning and practical learning sytle. I belive by this way i can learn the actural solid and pratical knowledges and practices that are really valueble for my creer. 

20. Is there anything that you keep on doing for more than three years?
I have kept on doing excercise for three years. I like to challenge myself to paticipate in different type of excercise, such as yoga, strength training, running and dancing.
In the beginning, i just wanted to exercise to keep fit. After a period of consistent exercise, i found that there's some good things happened. I felt more energized in spiritual, more easily to focus on my work, and more delight to communicate with others. These are the main motivations that inspired me to insist on doing exercise.
I'm currently working out five times a week and I'll continue to execise to keep myself in good physical and mental state. 

21. What do you like to do with your friends?
I always like to set some flags with my friends every year. I and my friends share plans with each other and we will choose to do the same things on both side together. 
So I have friends to study together, to do execises together, to do handcraft floral art together and to cook and enjoy food together. In this process, we monitored each other's plans and gave each other's encouragement. I really like this kind of meaningful relations with friends and I would like to learn more skills and experience more adventures with my friends.

22. How to be a good communicator? What will you do if someone don’t want to listen to you?
I think that a good communicator must be a good contributor to the conversation. To be a good contributor, the communicator should be clear of the communication goals, be an active listener, and be able to push the conversation into the beneficial conclusion.
If someone don't want to listen to me, i think that the best way is to stop the current topic immediately, and try to gain the other people's trust before the conversation could be kept going on.

23. Do you think company executives should know something about law and finance? If so, do you know something about them?
Yes, i think so. A company executive should have some common sense about law and finance, which would help him/her to make desicion.
i have few knowledges about law and finance from the corporate training course. But I have little oppotunity to use these knowledges in my working scope. 

24. [[What is the focus of program/project management?]]
In my view, there are four important pionts in program/project management: goal-oriented, data quantification, risk awareness and teamwork focused.
Firstly, a program/project manager should always stick to the project objective and milestones to arrange everything properly. And he/she should set an appropriate and specific benchmark to evaluate the progress of the project in data.
Moreover, the risk management is very improtant in the execution of the project. so the project manager should closely monitor the critical tasks and resources in the process.
Last but not least, an excellent project manager is always a good teamleader. The interaction and coorporation among people is the important stimulation for the project advancement.

25. [[What is the focus of project plan management? ]]
I think there are two improtant points in project plan management.
First is the scheduling capability. a good project manager have the ability to come up with a very reasonable, well-defined and duty-bound project plan. This is very important for the smooth implementation of the project.
Second is the risk management ability. a qualified project manager must have the ability to identify the critical tasks and resourses in the process of a project. And he/she has a good risk management ability to take actions in advance to avoid the potential risk.

26. [[what are the difficulties in project (plan) management?]]
the project of research & development product has a  feature of creativity and uncertainty. these will result in the difficulty of project plan control. So managers should adopt some flexiable methods to manage these tasks. 
In order to have a good control of the project, manager should set up a number of technical desicion points and technical freezing points in the project plan. Furthermore, in order to promote the project smoothly, manager should allow some deviations in the schedule during the implementation of the project.

27. [[What is the difference between project management and program management?]]

28. [[Is there any difficult time in your life? How did you overcome?]]
I was sick in the hospital during the college entrance examination. it was a hard time because i was so sick that i almost missed the exam. But i did take the exam on time. And the result turned out not bad.
During at hospital, my parents took turns looking after me, my teachers and classmates often came and sent me the homework, the doctors and nurses tried to make me happy everyday. I think it was the love from the people all around me that inspired me to overcome the difficult time and keep going. 

29. [[What will you do if your director is mean to you?]]
If my director is mean to me, i will try to communicate with him to find out the reason. i think the most properly reason may be that we have different views on how to work. Then i will tell him that we have the same goal to do work well. i will tell him my opinion on the issue and ask for his suggestions. i believe i can handle this problem successfully at the end.

30. [[describe a friend you appreciate very much]]
She was my college classmate. She used have a steady job in a big company as an engineer in Shanghai. But she has a passion for the floral art and she does has the talent and persist on in this area.  After serious considerision, She set up a workshop of floral art and quited her job last year. 
i'm very appreciate that she has a passion on her career and has the grit to insist on her things. And what touches me most is her persistence and optimism in the face of any difficulties.

31. [[describe a skill you are good at]]
Whether at work or in life, I like time management, because I like the feeling that everything is planed and ordered. i'm always looking for the good methods of time management and I have tried lots of measures in my practical application. By this way, i can manage projects well at work as long as manage my life well. I will continue to explore more efficient ways to manage my time.

32. [[What are your future plans after CLGO in 5 to 10 years?]]
I believe that through CLGO project study, I will be competent for the position of operation manager  after graduate. Next, my career development plans are as follows:
1. within 5 years, i wanna get promotion to be a senior operation manager.
After graduate, I will work as a operation project manager in the marine power equipment industry.
in this prieod, i will be down-to-earth and accumulate practical project experiences in the production process. i wish i could creat big performance in the production efficiency promotion for my company, and at the same time get promotion in my position to a senior manager.
2. From 6 to 8 years, i wanna become a senior director of operation
Working as a senior operation manager and take charge of large and complex project. I will be able to operate large and complex project and integrate both internal and external resources relevant to work efficiently. i wish i could lead a team to promote big performance in my company and have achievement in promoting the efficiency of production in my industry. At the same time, i wish i could grow into a senior director of operation.
3. Within 10 years after graduate, i hope i could become a senior executive in my company with influence in my industry.
I hope to be able to manage the high level project of supply chain management. I hope i could have the ability to make important decisions in my company. At the same time, I wish i could bring the industry with brilliant perfomance in the promotion of production efficiency. 

